[docs] Fix short description warning (#302)
mui-org/material-ui-x: docs/src/pages/components/data-grid/getting-started/getting-started.md

# Data Grid - Getting started

> <p class="description">Get started with the last React borned data grid you will need.</p>

Reviewer: "borned"?

Author: ?

```suggestion
<p class="description">Get started with the last React data grid you will need. Install the package, configure the columns, provide rows and you are set.</p>
```

Reviewer: Better
